Scrub Office 365 (#2491)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/reference/requirement-sets/open-browser-window-api-requirement-sets.md

Office Add-ins run across multiple versions of Office. The following table lists the OpenBrowserWindow API requirement sets, the Office host applications that support that requirement set, and the build or version numbers for the Office application.

|  Requirement set  | Office 2013 on Windows or later<br>(one-time purchase) | Office on Windows<br>(connected to Microsoft 365 subscription) |  Office on iPad<br>(connected to Microsoft 365 subscription)  |  Office on Mac<br>(connected to Microsoft 365 subscription)  | Office on the web  |  Office Online Server  |
|:-----|-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|
| OpenBrowserWindowApi 1.1  | N/A | Version 1810 (Build 16.0.11001.20074) or later | 16.0.0.0 or later | 16.0.0.0 or later | N/A | N/A|

To find out more about versions, build numbers, and Office Online Server, see:

> - [Version and build numbers of update channel releases for Office clients](https://support.office.com/article/version-and-build-numbers-of-update-channel-releases-ae942449-1fca-4484-898b-a933ea23def7)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Version and build numbers of update channel releases for Microsoft 365 Apps](/officeupdates/update-history-microsoft365-apps-by-date)
```
